hey guys welcome back so today I'm doing
something a little bit new I'm kind of
excited about this my channel it truly
is a lifestyle channel and by that I
mean really anything I want to talk
about like just about life and so
because every up end on YouTube for a
couple years and I'm not one of those
people who is like oh my goodness I need
to streamline all my content that way I
can get five million views now like the
few people who do watch me I really
appreciate you guys thank you guys for
tuning in but you guys know for me it
truly is about trying things out and
sharing them whether it be hair or
makeup or beauty or whatever it is and
I'm venturing a little bit further
because I really have been doing a lot
of research into like alternative
methods and the company Cora for tampons
like organic cotton tampons reached out
to me I feel a dropped ball because of
way too busy to even get on that but it
got me thinking about using something
else when it comes to my period and
menstruation so I was watching just
Kelly I loved watching her she does like
legit videos okay that girl is like here
is my period blood right here in case
you wanted to see it and I love it so
she got me thinking about menstrual cups
and I decided to go ahead and give it a
go did lots of research on the different
kinds I really wanted to try the Scoon
cause I saw the Diva Cup didn't get
glowing reviews upfront like I heard
there was more of a learning curve for
that and I really arrived at one that a
lot of people love called the lunette
and one of the reasons why I got this
over the Scoon is just simply because
this particular cup was found in the
store I went to Whole Foods and I found
it there and the sad part is if 39.99 is
what it retails for and then I looked
over and the Ziva cup was on sale for
$29.99 and I was like really really the
one time I actually want to buy this
coat and the other one is on sale but I
figured out sacrifice about ten dollars
because I'm getting really glowing
reviews from this particular box so what
I decided was suck it out
get the 39.99 cups maybe I'll try the
spoon Cup in the future but I'm going to
start with this I haven't touched it at
all I have opened it so we're going to
unbox first and what I'll do is within
the same video I'm going to go through
and let you guys know how I feel about
it after I insert it and all that and
then I'll come back and give you guys my
final review today technically is day
three of my period but day one was like
nothing at all it was just pretty much
like the struggle life the cramping life
I have heard that these things are
really good when it comes to stopping
your flow or like reducing the amount
you focus my period is real okay it is
like seven days straight of just outpour
and I heard that using this like a cup
going to something a little bit more
healthy or just I just started being
scared of like all the chemicals that
people put in tampons that I had no idea
of and I'm like is this one of the
contributing factors that I know
nutrition is a huge thing but it is one
of the contributing factors to why my
flow isn't just so much so getting right
into it I'm going to zoom in a little
bit and show you guys what the packaging
looks like so here is the lunette it's
really cute they didn't have the pink
ones in the store but I'm fine with it
being clear because I just want to make
sure that it stays sanitary and I want
to be able to see that and so this what
the box looks like it says say hello to
your little friend how cute and this is
what it looks like I'm a little bit
intimidated I'm not gonna lie so there
is the cup Wow
and on the inside has a little baggie
I've left like five million reviews of
it it has a bag that you put it in and a
little booklet so it says meet your
vagina's new best friend alright and it
gives me instructions on what to do but
let me show you guys the cup itself so
here's the cup and interesting I'm a
little nervous just because I'm like
because I heard people saying it was
hard or wasn't hard
arrow to a softer than the UM ooh
then the Diva Cup wow this is definitely
a smaller than I thought it would be but
it's pretty pliable and just to let you
guys know I have used the ring before
because my gynecologist prescribed me
four central because of how bad my
parents were and the very first one I
decided to try just because I was like I
don't know if I'll be able to take pills
is um the NuvaRing so I use that for
quite a while but the only issue with
that is popping it in and popping it out
every month like I noticed I don't know
that's not what we're here to talk about
so I feel like I'll be alright with
inserting this right now I stopped using
the pill cuz I'm like clearly just too
much hormones going on like I really
just need a solution that doesn't
involve hormones and so I have decided
to try this so it's a little bit tiny
here whew okay people have complained
about this and I see people cutting this
because they say it sticks out or it's
too long but I feel like this is very
soft made in Finland and it has a little
line so I'm going to go try it out I'm
gonna go wash my hands and read the
instructions I seem definitely very many
different ways of applying this and I
see that you either fold it like this
and let me zoom to play one more time so
seeing that you can either fold it like
halfway through like this and insert it
or I've seen people do this just like
this and pop it in I'm leaning towards
this was just Kelly was saying that she
was able to position it a little bit
better like this but I'll try it out and
I'll let you guys know this is kind of
crazy but I'm not squeamish about stuff
like this menstruation is a normal power
part of life that literally all women go
through okay so yeah if you have growth
negative comments you can keep them to
yourself but let me go try this out and
I'll come back and let you know my
person
hey guys so it's been about seven hours
since I first put the cup in and I went
to use the bathroom and I just felt it
like a little bit of spotting or saw a
little bit of spotting when I wiped and
since I have a panty liner on just for
safety just because I was like let me
just make sure had a panty liner on I
saw like a little bit of spotting so I
was like okay let me take it out and see
what's up mind you I took a little nap
this afternoon I feel awesome every now
and then I do feel like a little bit of
something but it's because the little
stick is like poking out I've seen
people cut it and let me tell you this
right I will never cut that stick off
never because that's what kind of helps
me grab it to pull it out so some people
don't like it sticking out maybe with a
couple of months of where that's going
to change but for now since I'm still
starting out I'm going to leave it in
there because I want to make sure that I
can get it out so what I did was I just
buried down like people talking about
bearing down of never giving birth but I
know what bearing down is about like
when you're very mental I go to go poop
and stuff like that so just bear down
and it kind of made my cervix push it
down a little bit and I was able to just
wiggle a little bit and pull it right
out
and when I tell you that it was full
well maybe not full but it was almost
full and that's about seven hours of
wear and it says you can use it for
about twelve could I have use it for
about twelve I feel like because there's
just so much blood inside of it it was
just starting to weigh down a little bit
so I think the spotting is going to be
my cue as to when I need to go ahead and
empty it out I'm actually really shocked
that it actually held all of that blood
it was crazy I took a picture I'm not
going to put it on here because I don't
know I'm not like Kelly who just be
putting everything out here but you're
just going to have to believe me that it
did work it did hold and I all I did was
just dump it in toilet wash it with the
what's it called I'm going to put the
name of the soap that I use on the
screen to
you know exactly what what I use and
then I put it back in so I have it in an
activating happened
nomads nothing so so far it's a thumbs
up for me if I try a different cup I'll
come back and let you guys know but I am
definitely loving this and I truly hope
that this is the solution to me not
spending when it comes to like menstrual
products and just this is going to be a
life changer for me definitely and I
don't feel any cramps like I don't feel
anything when I put it in at some point
I did feel like a little bit of bubbling
at like I don't know it's just like a
little bit of adjusting I don't even
know what to call it just a little bit
and when I was laying down when I woke
up from my nap like I felt the would
let's take a little bit but because it's
so soft like I don't really mind it it
feels like the string that hangs out
when you put a tampon in is that make
sense okay guys so I am back and I just
really needed to come back I was going
to end it earlier but I wanted to come
back and give you guys a little bit more
of an update as to my sauce and what
I've been doing and how it's been
working out for me
so yesterday I put it in I came back and
told you guys everything was great I
took it out there was an amount in there
there was a little bit of spotting which
told me it was time for it to be mg so
that was awesome
so I rinsed it off put it back in and
actually when I put it back in around
7:00 p.m. I didn't take it out till the
next morning so I wanted to really test
it out not only through the night but a
full 12 hours which is what it claims to
do and it was perfect I did have a
little bit of spotting when I woke up in
the morning which was fine because it
was literally full and by full I mean
not to the brim but full to like the
little mark on the lunette cup itself so
I'm very very very pleased with it right
now because I mean I thought about
emptying it right before I went to bed
but I looked and I was like no spotting
nothing well you said 12 hours so I'm
going to test it out so it works fine I
woke up this morning did a lot of
cleaning went to Zumba okay I took this
thing to Zumba and I was getting it
getting it getting it getting it
getting it killing it killing it killing
it went grocery shopping came back home
did more cleaning meal prepped for the
week dancing singing took it out no
spotting nothing everything was great so
I am in love I cannot believe how great
this cup is I'm just so amazed if you
guys have never considered this please I
beg of you do your research go online
search these Mitchel cups see what
they're about because I really think
that not only is going to save me a lot
of money but I literally don't even
think about it all day it's amazing like
I can just put in the morning glow work
all day come back home take it out like
how amazing is this so definitely very
huge thumbs up for me just wanted to
come back and let y'all know I'm doing
all undoing the most in these in this
winnette cup and it's great so far so
thank you all for watching really
appreciate you guys tuning in if you
have any questions let me know below
other than that I'll see you in my next
video you can check out the rest of my
videos I'll have some over here for you
to click on but anyhow see you guys
later bye